Behind the scenes
Aren’t you just something for sale?
Is this the attitude
Dì Háo Group has toward guests?
What are you pretending for?
Thinking you’re some big shot?
Get lost, get lost
Our CEO is busy
Stop!
This is the CEO
Of the fashion subsidiary of Qín Shì Group
President Qín
How can you be so slow?
You’re fired
President Wáng
Please spare me
I won’t dare again
I was blind and didn’t see Mount Tai
Please spare me
Alright, President Wáng
Let’s discuss cooperation first
Please, please sit
Well done
Today’s contract
We must discuss thoroughly
President Wáng
This is the greatest sincerity
Of our Qín Shì
I believe
You’ll surely be satisfied
Satisfied
Very satisfied
President Wáng
We should
Discuss cooperation first
What’s there to discuss about cooperation?
Let’s talk about life a bit
Make some small noises
It’ll be more interesting
President Wáng, if you keep this up
I won’t be polite
Don’t think I don’t know
You climbed up
By relying on your body to hook Qín Fēng